Update changelog for 4.2.0 (#166)
Field-Robotics-Lab/dave: Changelog.md

- Continued updates to conform to new repository layout for the purposes of increasing clarity and ease of maintenance : dave PRs [#143](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/143), [#145](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/145), [#149](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/149) and [#150](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/143).

## [4.2.0] - 2021-11-05

### Added

- Object model degradation tool.  
    - 3D mesh modification via Blender script [PR#160](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/160)

>     - Parameterization proof of concept for SDF friction values via embedded Ruby scropt [PR#163](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/163)
>     - Demonstration of addition of custome SDF tags for extending model properties and corresponding influence on sensing [PR#164](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/164)

Reviewer: Typos
```suggestion
    - Parameterization proof of concept for SDF friction values via embedded Ruby script [PR#163](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/163)
    - Demonstration of addition of custom SDF tags for extending model properties and corresponding influence on sensing [PR#164](https://github.com/Field-Robotics-Lab/dave/pull/164)
```
